Defines the pattern for taking unique items from collection of JSONArray (#957)
json-path/JsonPath: README.md

| stddev()   | Provides the standard deviation value of an array of numbers                         | Double               | 
| length()   | Provides the length of an array                                                      | Integer              |
| sum()      | Provides the sum value of an array of numbers                                        | Double               |
| keys()     | Provides the property keys (An alternative for terminal tilde `~`)                   | `Set<E>`             |
| concat(X)  | Provides a concatinated version of the path output with a new item                   | like input           |
| append(X)  | add an item to the json path output array                                            | like input           |
| first()    | Provides the first item of an array                                                  | Depends on the array |
| last()     | Provides the last item of an array                                                   | Depends on the array |
| index(X)   | Provides the item of an array of index: X, if the X is negative, take from backwards | Depends on the array |

> | distinct() | Provides the unique items of an array                                                | Depends on the array |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| distinct() | Provides an array containing only unique items from the input array                                                | List<E> |
```

Author: Thanks. Updated
